
But I bought a yearbook ad from you, doesn't that mean anything anymore?

I don't criticize you! And if you're worried about criticism, sometimes a diet is the best defense. Michael! I'm half machine. I'm a monster. He'll want to use your yacht, and I don't want this thing smelling like fish.

I hear the jury's still out on science. Michael! Not tricks, Michael, illusions. I care deeply for nature. I care deeply for nature. I'm a monster.
I'm half machine. I'm a monster.

What's Spanish for "I know you speak English?" Marry me. He'll want to use your yacht, and I don't want this thing smelling like fish. I don't understand the question, and I won't respond to it. Bad news. Andy Griffith turned us down. He didn't like his trailer.

    As you may or may not know, Lindsay and I have hit a bit of a rough patch.
    It's called 'taking advantage.' It's what gets you ahead in life.
    But I bought a yearbook ad from you, doesn't that mean anything anymore?

There's only one man I've ever called a coward, and that's Brian Doyle Murray. No, what I'm calling you is a television actor.

There's so many poorly chosen words in that sentence. I hear the jury's still out on science. No! I was ashamed to be SEEN with you. I like being with you. Did you enjoy your meal, Mom? You drank it fast enough.

    I hear the jury's still out on science.
    As you may or may not know, Lindsay and I have hit a bit of a rough patch.
    I'm a monster.

No, I did not kill Kitty. However, I am going to oblige and answer the nice officer's questions because I am an honest man with no secrets to hide. Did you enjoy your meal, Mom? You drank it fast enough.

Bad news. Andy Griffith turned us down. He didn't like his trailer. He'll want to use your yacht, and I don't want this thing smelling like fish. Guy's a pro. Not tricks, Michael, illusions.

Really? Did nothing cancel? Bad news. Andy Griffith turned us down. He didn't like his trailer. Well, what do you expect, mother? He'll want to use your yacht, and I don't want this thing smelling like fish.

I hear the jury's still out on science. That's what it said on 'Ask Jeeves.' Bad news. Andy Griffith turned us down. He didn't like his trailer. What's Spanish for "I know you speak English?" I'm a monster.

First place chick is hot, but has an attitude, doesn't date magicians. Guy's a pro. Whoa, this guy's straight? I'm half machine. I'm a monster. Whoa, this guy's straight?

I care deeply for nature. Across from where? That's what it said on 'Ask Jeeves.' It's called 'taking advantage.' It's what gets you ahead in life. I've opened a door here that I regret.

Army had half a day. Get me a vodka rocks. And a piece of toast. Oh, you're gonna be in a coma, all right. I'm a monster. I'm a monster.

No! I was ashamed to be SEEN with you. I like being with you. Really? Did nothing cancel? I don't understand the question, and I won't respond to it. But I bought a yearbook ad from you, doesn't that mean anything anymore?

There's so many poorly chosen words in that sentence. Really? Did nothing cancel? Not tricks, Michael, illusions. But I bought a yearbook ad from you, doesn't that mean anything anymore? First place chick is hot, but has an attitude, doesn't date magicians.

Get me a vodka rocks. And a piece of toast. Did you enjoy your meal, Mom? You drank it fast enough. Get me a vodka rocks. And a piece of toast. Well, what do you expect, mother? It's called 'taking advantage.' It's what gets you ahead in life.

I don't understand the question, and I won't respond to it. There's so many poorly chosen words in that sentence. I hear the jury's still out on science. That's what it said on 'Ask Jeeves.' Bad news. Andy Griffith turned us down. He didn't like his trailer.
