

What separates the Oatmeal Stout from other Stouts is a simple addition of oats and sweetness. Generally, oats will make up only around 5 percent of the total grain to avoid problems in the brewing process due to its thick consistency when it is hydrated. Oatmeal Stouts also tend to be sweeter than the other Stouts but not due to the oats, which tend to leave more of an astringent grainy note when too much is added. The sweetness comes from the amount of malt used and the use of a yeast strain that doesn't consume too much of the sugars. These combinations leave a great balance between the roasted character and sweetness, while the oats add to the silky smoothness and cause the body to be fuller than normal. Most stand around 5 percent alcohol by volume; however, there are some that are upward of 7 percent and are quite robust.

This Russian Imperial Stout is dedicated to Georgy Zhukov, arguably one of the finest generals of World War II. Opaque black in color, with notes of espresso, chocolate, dark toffee and hints of backstrap molasses. The English hop varietals provide a subtle herbal dryness, and finishes with a hearty slap of roasty espresso. Pair Marshal Zhukov’s with Mushroom Solyanka, dark chocolate, cherries and ground wars in Russia. We brew and release Zhukov's in the summer knowing that a beer of this heft reaches its full potential a few months after release. So save a bottle for the cold winter!

Decanted into a wide-bowled tulip glass, the contents of this 750 ml corked and caged brown magnum pour a hazy, bright peach color topped with an extremely tight white foam head, followed by impressive lacing and glass stickage. Aromas are soft and clean, zesty orange peel, wheat husks and barnyard hay, sugar, background ginger notes and an enticing dash of pepper set the pace. A lively carbonation fills the mouth with creaminess. Drying and crisp underneath, with a yeasty bite, steely undertone and green banana pith. Mildly sweet, and a bit akin to sugar water in flavor and feel. Wheat tannin twang, with plenty of jammy orange flavors, while subdued ginger notes surround the sugary edges. Black pepper pulls through a bit as the beer warms, lurking in a soft floral, herbal, semi-spicy hop character. Dry leafy tannins and a mouthful of hay. Bone-dry finish with strong, near-overpowering yeast residuals on the palate.

We sampled a few 12-ounce bottles of this cider, chilled down to 40 degrees. Light, fizzy bubbles rise to the top while pouring. Very pale yellow color. Low carbonation. At first glance, you might almost think this is a white wine. Smells of a blend of Pink Lady, Granny Smith and McIntosh apples; a bit buttery and musty in the back. Sulfites are very hard to detect. Very light body, very white-wine-ish. Tartness leads the way, soft but with a bite. Light, earthen notes; apple skin and apple pulp, middle to back. Sweet and sour apple flavor in the middle. Kiss of warmth from the alcohol. Wet and refreshing; almost too drinkable. At 6 percent alcohol by volume, any more than a few glasses will make you loopy.

Dark, lovely, luscious. The deep, dark brown color hints at the flavors within. With an aroma reminiscent of chocolate and freshly baked cookies, this beer is smooth, silky, creamy, full-bodied, roasty, toasty, and slightly nutty. This is one beautifully balanced, rich, and exquisite stout.

Served in a 16-ounce pint glass. Cloudy and dirty-peach-colored, topped with a thick, frothy, creamy foam head with great retention and stick, thanks to the hops. Spicy, floral hop aroma with sweetish pale malts beneath. Near full-bodied, incredibly smooth on the palate, creamy and silky. Sharpish citric snap up front, with notes of grapefruit, lime and lemon; deep floral notes as well. A tad resinous, a little piney, especially in the hop finish, which is puckering and drying. Sweet, bready malts with some fruitiness and a doughy yeast toward the end. Lingering hop spiciness and yeast in the finish. Very moreish and bone dry when the last sip fades away.

A beer you could drink all day and all night. Dark amber in color. A delectably complex malt profile reminiscent of bread, toast, and biscuits, with hints of caramel, chocolate, and fruity esters. Perfectly balanced bitterness from the earthy, floral hops. Take one sip and another is sure to immediately follow… and another… and another…

One of the most sought-after stouts in Bell's history, Black Note Stout blends the complex aromatics of Expedition Stout with the velvety smooth texture of Double Cream Stout and ages the combination in freshly retired oak bourbon barrels for months. The resulting harmony of flavors captures the finest features of all three components: malty notes of dark chocolate, espresso & dried fruits, all buoyed by the warmth and fragrance of the bourbon barrel. Aimed squarely at the stout and bourbon aficionados, Black Note makes a grand statement about the art of the dark.

Belgian style double IPA with Brettanomyces. this ale is aged in french oak chardonnay barrels. Brewed with Apollo, Citra, and Simcoe hops. Dry hopped in the barrel with Citra hops. Triple fermented- First in the tank with a Belgian yeast, second in french oak chardonnay barrels with brett, and finally in the bottle with a third yeast for natural carbonation.

Poured from a stubby 12-ounce brown bottle into a Belgian-style chalice, the beer appears a rich, semi-hazed, deep brown with ruddy hues; a creamy beige head dresses the top, with a wispy center and ringed lace. Malty aromatics make their way to the nose as soon as the bottle is cracked, full with toffee, fruit, soft spices, metallics, faint flora, earth, fresh roots, a bready yeast edge and a deep, spicy and warming alcohol. Lush feel on the palate, with creamy, smooth carbonation. Malt base is even, with the taste of dark overripe stone fruits, a distinct prune edge, and rounded juiciness, not overly sweet. Light charring in the background, some burnt sugars, a touch of orange blossom honey and some steeliness. Dry toward the finish, with a lingering alcohol warmth and spice, root and earth character, and a big yeasty smack at the very end.

Pours fizzy, creating a beige/eggshell-colored foamy head that's dense image and wonderfully laced, sticking to the glass and also retaining magnificently. In fact, the lacing stays until the end. Beneath, a deep brown brew with rich tawny hues. This beer has some serious legs. Complex aromas: soft and powdery on the nose, with aromas of malt, chocolate chip cookie dough and a deep-rooted fruitiness, notes of plum skins, spicy phenols and a soft bready yeast character.
