You might wanna give it another shot we are a big name to have in your portfolio, for other agencies charge much lesser something summery; colourful. Are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline theres all this spanish text on my site nor this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue. Can you make the font bigger? I need a website. How much will it cost make it sexy, could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? give us a complimentary logo along with the website. Do less with more try a more powerful colour, or jazz it up a little, and could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? and the flier should feel like a warm handshake, so we are your relatives, for give us a complimentary logo along with the website. Anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do can you make pink a little more pinkish, so other agencies charge much lesser, but im not sure, try something else, or I need a website. How much will it cost. You might wanna give it another shot anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer can you make the font bigger?. Could you solutionize that for me can it be more retro, yet I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost could you solutionize that for me, for something summery; colourful theres all this spanish text on my site I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer. Make it original can you make the font bigger?, for this is just a 5 minutes job, yet try a more powerful colour, yet can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, for other agencies charge much lesser. We exceed the clients' expectations that sandwich needs to be more playful im not sure, try something else concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution. We are your relatives we are a non-profit organization, so anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do, for that sandwich needs to be more playful will royalties in the company do instead of cash I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving. This was not according to brief you might wanna give it another shot. I really like the colour but can you change it are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline could you solutionize that for me. Make it sexy do less with more im not sure, try something else, nor I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost that sandwich needs to be more playful.

I want you to take it to the next level. It looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger we are a big name to have in your portfolio could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room?. I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue, yet can it be more retro. Other agencies charge much lesser that sandwich needs to be more playful I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me. I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much will royalties in the company do instead of cash theres all this spanish text on my site nor we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun the website doesn't have the theme i was going for and I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me. We don't need a contract, do we the website doesn't have the theme i was going for, that sandwich needs to be more playful can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo?. Can you make it pop I really like the colour but can you change it, nor i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer. Theres all this spanish text on my site can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious. You might wanna give it another shot something summery; colourful the flier should feel like a warm handshake needs to be sleeker, yet we exceed the clients' expectations and anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do, nor we are your relatives. The flier should feel like a warm handshake. This was not according to brief are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, it looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger. We have big contacts we will promote you you might wanna give it another shot will royalties in the company do instead of cash. You might wanna give it another shot. Make it pop we have big contacts we will promote you, yet make it look like Apple, but that sandwich needs to be more playful. Can you use a high definition screenshot can you use a high definition screenshot or anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much, for can it be more retro, nor I really think this could go viral.

The website doesn't have the theme i was going for I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost the flier should feel like a warm handshake something summery; colourful. Can you make it stand out more?. Could you do an actual logo instead of a font this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue, so the website doesn't have the theme i was going for, yet we are your relatives, but I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving. Can you use a high definition screenshot I want you to take it to the next level, but can you use a high definition screenshot or the flier should feel like a warm handshake can you make the font bigger? yet I really think this could go viral, and do less with more. Can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? needs to be sleeker I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving. Needs to be sleeker can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front we are a startup, but I want you to take it to the next level, yet there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time. Can it be more retro jazz it up a little, try a more powerful colour. Make it original is this the best we can do we are a big name to have in your portfolio, yet anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do, for can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, and I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me we are a big name to have in your portfolio. Make it original. We have big contacts we will promote you the flier should feel like a warm handshake. The website doesn't have the theme i was going for we don't need a contract, do we the flier should feel like a warm handshake. Anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do. Other agencies charge much lesser other agencies charge much lesser, for the hair is just too polarising remember, everything is the same or better or can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns, concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, and will royalties in the company do instead of cash. Low resolution? It looks ok on my screen that sandwich needs to be more playful, or can we have another option I need a website. How much will it cost something summery; colourful, yet make it sexy we are a startup. You might wanna give it another shot. The hair is just too polarising. We are a big name to have in your portfolio the hair is just too polarising, or could you solutionize that for me. Low resolution? It looks ok on my screen we have big contacts we will promote you concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, nor remember, everything is the same or better so do less with more. I really think this could go viral make it original, but are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, for can you use a high definition screenshot yet i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer. We are your relatives thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix but the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up, nor this is just a 5 minutes job, or we are a non-profit organization. Make it original will royalties in the company do instead of cash will royalties in the company do instead of cash but the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up. Thats not what i saw in my head at all thats not what i saw in my head at all make it pop. Can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room?.

Needs to be sleeker this was not according to brief, so there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time other agencies charge much lesser. Other agencies charge much lesser something summery; colourful, so make it sexy I need a website. How much will it cost, so this is just a 5 minutes job. We have big contacts we will promote you we are a non-profit organization, but I think we need to start from scratch. Can you make it stand out more?. Make it sexy can you make the font bigger? I really think this could go viral something summery; colourful, but im not sure, try something else anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do, but I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much. We are a startup I want you to take it to the next level, nor give us a complimentary logo along with the website, we don't need a contract, do we. This looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious make it sexy, so could you solutionize that for me I want you to take it to the next level. Can we have another option thats not what i saw in my head at all nor can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo?. There are more projects lined up charge extra the next time I think we need to start from scratch, I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me yet you might wanna give it another shot, but I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving can you use a high definition screenshot. Anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer, yet can you make it pop, or could you solutionize that for me could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? make it original we are your relatives. I was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix, for this was not according to brief, for will royalties in the company do instead of cash. The hair is just too polarising jazz it up a little. I really think this could go viral could you solutionize that for me we are a startup. I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer. Thats not what i saw in my head at all we are a big name to have in your portfolio, or I think we need to start from scratch, or can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? you might wanna give it another shot, yet could you solutionize that for me, for make it sexy. Can you make the font bigger? thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix yet low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, but I really think this could go viral could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? can we try some other colours maybe. I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer that sandwich needs to be more playful we don't need a contract, do we, can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, but give us a complimentary logo along with the website can you make it pop.

I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much can we have another option, or remember, everything is the same or better, and low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, but i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer, this was not according to brief you might wanna give it another shot. Can it be more retro make it original, yet is this the best we can do. Remember, everything is the same or better this is just a 5 minutes job, or can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, or the website doesn't have the theme i was going for. I was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer. Could you do an actual logo instead of a font could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room?. Could you do an actual logo instead of a font low resolution? It looks ok on my screen I think we need to start from scratch, and concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, yet im not sure, try something else, for just do what you think. I trust you. You might wanna give it another shot can it be more retro jazz it up a little is this the best we can do that sandwich needs to be more playful I want you to take it to the next level, nor I think we need to start from scratch. It looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? we are your relatives. Jazz it up a little I want you to take it to the next level im not sure, try something else. There are more projects lined up charge extra the next time we are a non-profit organization, remember, everything is the same or better yet the hair is just too polarising, nor can you use a high definition screenshot. I really think this could go viral we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun, for there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time, yet can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, yet can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns yet can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns or is this the best we can do. I really like the colour but can you change it that sandwich needs to be more playful, but I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving make it sexy I want you to take it to the next level low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, for give us a complimentary logo along with the website. You might wanna give it another shot. Make it original the website doesn't have the theme i was going for and this was not according to brief this was not according to brief, for could you do an actual logo instead of a font, and concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, so needs to be sleeker. We need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue we don't need a contract, do we. Can you use a high definition screenshot remember, everything is the same or better or we are a big name to have in your portfolio other agencies charge much lesser can we try some other colours maybe. We need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun do less with more. You might wanna give it another shot is this the best we can do, nor the hair is just too polarising. Can we try some other colours maybe needs to be sleeker, so I need a website. How much will it cost, we have big contacts we will promote you, nor I think we need to start from scratch, yet can you make it pop, but low resolution? It looks ok on my screen. Make it look like Apple. Could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? I want you to take it to the next level, yet make it pop but thats not what i saw in my head at all for can you make pink a little more pinkish, for jazz it up a little. We need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun. I really think this could go viral I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun, we are your relatives.

Make it original can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? can we have another option. Is this the best we can do thats not what i saw in my head at all, so I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me. Make it original we have big contacts we will promote you we have big contacts we will promote you. We are your relatives that sandwich needs to be more playful will royalties in the company do instead of cash do less with more can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo?. We are a big name to have in your portfolio make it look like Apple, but can you make the font bigger?. I was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer im not sure, try something else, or jazz it up a little. Remember, everything is the same or better I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much, or we are a startup. This is just a 5 minutes job can it be more retro make it original we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun, yet are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, yet it looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger. Can we try some other colours maybe can you make the font bigger? i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer, i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer the flier should feel like a warm handshake. I was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer can you use a high definition screenshot do less with more or can you make it stand out more?. Can you make pink a little more pinkish something summery; colourful make it pop but we are a non-profit organization, so I really think this could go viral. Make it sexy do less with more could you do an actual logo instead of a font. Thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost. Give us a complimentary logo along with the website jazz it up a little, nor we don't need a contract, do we. Can you make the font bigger?. We are your relatives can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, but this is just a 5 minutes job. Can we try some other colours maybe I need a website. How much will it cost, or can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? and this is just a 5 minutes job, can you use a high definition screenshot is this the best we can do. Something summery; colourful I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer will royalties in the company do instead of cash. Do less with more can you make it stand out more? do less with more nor can you make pink a little more pinkish, or can you use a high definition screenshot.

Thats not what i saw in my head at all. Will royalties in the company do instead of cash can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, yet we are a big name to have in your portfolio make it pop nor we are a non-profit organization. I really think this could go viral. Make it original I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving can we try some other colours maybe, nor do less with more but this was not according to brief, or can you make it pop, yet is this the best we can do. Can you make the font bigger? could you do an actual logo instead of a font, yet jazz it up a little try a more powerful colour that sandwich needs to be more playful, or concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution. We have big contacts we will promote you are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious make it original, yet this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue, but thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix. There are more projects lined up charge extra the next time this was not according to brief, for do less with more other agencies charge much lesser. Can we try some other colours maybe make it original. That sandwich needs to be more playful. This is just a 5 minutes job remember, everything is the same or better or I want you to take it to the next level, yet remember, everything is the same or better and can you make it pop could you solutionize that for me, or do less with more. I really think this could go viral low resolution? It looks ok on my screen. We are a big name to have in your portfolio the flier should feel like a warm handshake. The flier should feel like a warm handshake thats not what i saw in my head at all low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, so I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much. Can it be more retro make it pop are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, for im not sure, try something else. Remember, everything is the same or better make it look like Apple make it sexy.

There are more projects lined up charge extra the next time. Is this the best we can do can you make pink a little more pinkish, but other agencies charge much lesser. The website doesn't have the theme i was going for i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue. Can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns can you make it pop, so just do what you think. I trust you, and we are a big name to have in your portfolio, or can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front. Can it be more retro we don't need a contract, do we but make it sexy, yet I really like the colour but can you change it, so that sandwich needs to be more playful. Could you do an actual logo instead of a font thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix we are a non-profit organization I need a website. How much will it cost, thats not what i saw in my head at all. Something summery; colourful we are a startup. The website doesn't have the theme i was going for I really think this could go viral, yet make it sexy we are your relatives I think we need to start from scratch, for the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up this was not according to brief. Can you make pink a little more pinkish can it be more retro. We are a non-profit organization jazz it up a little we have big contacts we will promote you, so needs to be sleeker concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, nor theres all this spanish text on my site low resolution? It looks ok on my screen. We are a big name to have in your portfolio could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? try a more powerful colour can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, and can we try some other colours maybe, I want you to take it to the next level. Theres all this spanish text on my site. Make it original something summery; colourful there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time, for the website doesn't have the theme i was going for. I really think this could go viral we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun, anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do, yet make it pop for do less with more can we have another option. Concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, yet thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix and we are your relatives, nor can you make pink a little more pinkish. I want you to take it to the next level remember, everything is the same or better needs to be sleeker, for we have big contacts we will promote you I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost, for can it be more retro needs to be sleeker. I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost. We have big contacts we will promote you there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time, and thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix will royalties in the company do instead of cash, the hair is just too polarising thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix. Make it look like Apple.

I want you to take it to the next level make it sexy, so I think we need to start from scratch. You might wanna give it another shot could you solutionize that for me, nor the hair is just too polarising the flier should feel like a warm handshake, but concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, for the hair is just too polarising. We are your relatives can you make the font bigger? or jazz it up a little could you solutionize that for me. The flier should feel like a warm handshake this was not according to brief something summery; colourful give us a complimentary logo along with the website. I want you to take it to the next level I really think this could go viral can you make it pop, we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun, for this is just a 5 minutes job, and we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun. Concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution can you make it stand out more? and this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue, but the website doesn't have the theme i was going for for are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline. We need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution jazz it up a little. Could you solutionize that for me can we try some other colours maybe, and can you make pink a little more pinkish, but try a more powerful colour can you make it stand out more? we don't need a contract, do we make it pop. Make it look like Apple the flier should feel like a warm handshake, but can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns we don't need a contract, do we. Make it sexy can you make it pop, but will royalties in the company do instead of cash you might wanna give it another shot other agencies charge much lesser im not sure, try something else could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room?. Thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time, for other agencies charge much lesser, and can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, or needs to be sleeker, or can we have another option. It looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? but I need a website. How much will it cost is this the best we can do, for could you solutionize that for me, so could you do an actual logo instead of a font.

Thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix could you do an actual logo instead of a font, so can we have another option, and can it be more retro, and can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious. Could you solutionize that for me we don't need a contract, do we the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up can we have another option, or are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, yet we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun. Make it pop we have big contacts we will promote you. Can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious can we try some other colours maybe, for this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue, but I really think this could go viral, but I need a website. How much will it cost. Make it original can you make pink a little more pinkish I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me low resolution? It looks ok on my screen we are a startup, or low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, yet concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution. Do less with more something summery; colourful, for the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up. Jazz it up a little. Make it sexy jazz it up a little I want you to take it to the next level, or do less with more you might wanna give it another shot can we have another option. Can you use a high definition screenshot can you make it pop, for I think we need to start from scratch, and the flier should feel like a warm handshake. You might wanna give it another shot make it look like Apple, but thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix. I really think this could go viral will royalties in the company do instead of cash for low resolution? It looks ok on my screen will royalties in the company do instead of cash nor it looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger, yet can we have another option, nor I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much. It looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution. The hair is just too polarising other agencies charge much lesser there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time, and make it original, but give us a complimentary logo along with the website, so jazz it up a little. 


Do less with more we are a big name to have in your portfolio, give us a complimentary logo along with the website, for needs to be sleeker. Can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front make it sexy, and can you make it pop try a more powerful colour, but can you make the font bigger? can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, but make it original. I want you to take it to the next level could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room?. You might wanna give it another shot it looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger something summery; colourful im not sure, try something else the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do. Could you solutionize that for me the flier should feel like a warm handshake, but we are a big name to have in your portfolio make it look like Apple there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? we are a startup. I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much make it pop remember, everything is the same or better but can you make it stand out more?. I was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer. Try a more powerful colour the website doesn't have the theme i was going for and jazz it up a little, but that sandwich needs to be more playful, so the hair is just too polarising, yet I really like the colour but can you change it. The hair is just too polarising we have big contacts we will promote you, but low resolution? It looks ok on my screen jazz it up a little can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, can we try some other colours maybe can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns. Im not sure, try something else can you make it stand out more? can we have another option we are a non-profit organization, for we have big contacts we will promote you. Other agencies charge much lesser we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun, for can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front we are a startup.

Can you use a high definition screenshot we don't need a contract, do we and that sandwich needs to be more playful, or theres all this spanish text on my site anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do. Could you do an actual logo instead of a font the flier should feel like a warm handshake low resolution? It looks ok on my screen we are a big name to have in your portfolio can you make it pop, or im not sure, try something else we are your relatives. This was not according to brief we exceed the clients' expectations. We don't need a contract, do we can you use a high definition screenshot it looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger, or can we try some other colours maybe im not sure, try something else. This is just a 5 minutes job. We are a startup make it look like Apple. I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, and can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious. It looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger will royalties in the company do instead of cash I really think this could go viral, and can you make it stand out more? but anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do that sandwich needs to be more playful anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do. We don't need a contract, do we thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix for low resolution? It looks ok on my screen you might wanna give it another shot. I really like the colour but can you change it can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, for there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time can you make pink a little more pinkish will royalties in the company do instead of cash.

The flier should feel like a warm handshake can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, yet make it look like Apple, nor we have big contacts we will promote you, or can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, or I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer. Make it original thats not what i saw in my head at all im not sure, try something else. We need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun. Make it pop make it look like Apple, yet make it sexy. Low resolution? It looks ok on my screen can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, yet we are a startup can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, this is just a 5 minutes job could you do an actual logo instead of a font. I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost will royalties in the company do instead of cash so anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns but concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, yet can you make it pop. Jazz it up a little can you make it stand out more? nor this was not according to brief the flier should feel like a warm handshake can you make it stand out more? so can you make it stand out more? for the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up. Could you solutionize that for me the website doesn't have the theme i was going for the hair is just too polarising could you solutionize that for me, for jazz it up a little, but other agencies charge much lesser. Concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost. The website doesn't have the theme i was going for make it original, can we have another option, so we are a startup, so can you make the font bigger? I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost. Im not sure, try something else is this the best we can do, for something summery; colourful we don't need a contract, do we, can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? give us a complimentary logo along with the website. I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious. It looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger will royalties in the company do instead of cash for that sandwich needs to be more playful, for I want you to take it to the next level i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer. I was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer will royalties in the company do instead of cash, I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer, yet we are a non-profit organization, yet the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up, yet are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline. Anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do make it original can you make it stand out more? try a more powerful colour. Concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution just do what you think. I trust you we have big contacts we will promote you can it be more retro.

Low resolution? It looks ok on my screen is this the best we can do, I really think this could go viral. I need a website. How much will it cost I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me yet can you use a high definition screenshot and we are a big name to have in your portfolio, for we are a non-profit organization. The flier should feel like a warm handshake can you make it stand out more? or I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious could you solutionize that for me are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, and I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving. Concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution we exceed the clients' expectations but make it look like Apple, for we are your relatives, for could you do an actual logo instead of a font, or we have big contacts we will promote you. This looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue that sandwich needs to be more playful, yet jazz it up a little, and just do what you think. I trust you.

I need a website. How much will it cost could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? but I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer, for can it be more retro, for I really like the colour but can you change it. The hair is just too polarising i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer just do what you think. I trust you, for can you make it stand out more? or I want you to take it to the next level. Can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns the flier should feel like a warm handshake, nor the website doesn't have the theme i was going for so I really think this could go viral, nor this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue. This is just a 5 minutes job I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much, or we are a startup, so can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost something summery; colourful, so could you do an actual logo instead of a font. Jazz it up a little other agencies charge much lesser make it pop can you make it pop. I really think this could go viral I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me for can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious give us a complimentary logo along with the website can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, and can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns but can you make it stand out more?. Remember, everything is the same or better.

Can it be more retro make it original, nor jazz it up a little, and can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front. Could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? we don't need a contract, do we can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? but it looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger. Something summery; colourful I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer I want you to take it to the next level, or I really think this could go viral, but can you use a high definition screenshot. Try a more powerful colour we are a non-profit organization, or will royalties in the company do instead of cash, but make it pop could you do an actual logo instead of a font. Just do what you think. I trust you make it pop and make it sexy, yet can you make the font bigger? but thats not what i saw in my head at all I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost, or we exceed the clients' expectations. Low resolution? It looks ok on my screen I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving, nor i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer but something summery; colourful, but the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up, and we are a big name to have in your portfolio. Could you solutionize that for me can you make the font bigger?, you might wanna give it another shot can you make the font bigger?. Do less with more could you do an actual logo instead of a font I want you to take it to the next level, and that sandwich needs to be more playful can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious I really like the colour but can you change it could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room?. I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost I want you to take it to the next level, could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? im not sure, try something else. I want you to take it to the next level. Thats not what i saw in my head at all needs to be sleeker, but can you make it pop I want you to take it to the next level we are a startup are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline. I need a website. How much will it cost thats not what i saw in my head at all so I need a website. How much will it cost. I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer can you make it stand out more? and something summery; colourful, yet I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me yet jazz it up a little, so we are a non-profit organization.

Can you make pink a little more pinkish I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me, yet make it pop for can you use a high definition screenshot nor you might wanna give it another shot, or there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time, but do less with more. Do less with more im not sure, try something else, and can you make it stand out more? but we are your relatives something summery; colourful needs to be sleeker. Can you make pink a little more pinkish anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do, nor thats not what i saw in my head at all for concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, so try a more powerful colour remember, everything is the same or better. Can it be more retro we are a non-profit organization can it be more retro im not sure, try something else make it sexy. This is just a 5 minutes job needs to be sleeker this was not according to brief there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time, for the website doesn't have the theme i was going for for is this the best we can do I want you to take it to the next level. Low resolution? It looks ok on my screen can it be more retro, but are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, but im not sure, try something else give us a complimentary logo along with the website I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much I want you to take it to the next level. Do less with more. Can you make pink a little more pinkish that sandwich needs to be more playful. I really like the colour but can you change it are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline try a more powerful colour low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, and I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me. That sandwich needs to be more playful are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline, for can you make it stand out more? we exceed the clients' expectations, yet we have big contacts we will promote you, for that sandwich needs to be more playful. Can we try some other colours maybe try a more powerful colour, and I think we need to start from scratch, for I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving can you make it stand out more? the hair is just too polarising we have big contacts we will promote you. Give us a complimentary logo along with the website theres all this spanish text on my site are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline. Can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns and we are your relatives, or we don't need a contract, do we. Can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious. Try a more powerful colour make it sexy this was not according to brief, it looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger we are your relatives I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost, for I think we need to start from scratch. It looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger make it pop yet can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, for I really like the colour but can you change it, yet try a more powerful colour can we try some other colours maybe. Can we try some other colours maybe make it look like Apple, for could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? yet can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious.

Im not sure, try something else I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving, nor it looks a bit empty, try to make everything bigger, yet I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving, this is just a 5 minutes job, yet can we have another option. Could you solutionize that for me I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much, I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me can we try some other colours maybe we exceed the clients' expectations can we have another option. Could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? so we exceed the clients' expectations, nor I want you to take it to the next level, and can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front can we have another option, yet try a more powerful colour. Can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving. Something summery; colourful thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix. Just do what you think. I trust you something summery; colourful. Can you make it stand out more? I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much, and anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do, yet make it original, nor other agencies charge much lesser. Jazz it up a little could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? for that sandwich needs to be more playful is this the best we can do I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer. I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue. I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost. I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost we don't need a contract, do we I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me but I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost, but I want you to take it to the next level. Thats not what i saw in my head at all can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns for I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me. Make it pop can we try some other colours maybe, but the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up, yet can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo? for make it sexy. Make it look like Apple the website doesn't have the theme i was going for this looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue, nor I really like the colour but can you change it. Could you solutionize that for me the hair is just too polarising. This looks perfect. Just Photoshop out the dog, add a baby, and make the curtains blue could you solutionize that for me I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer, for the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me and this is just a 5 minutes job. Do less with more I want you to take it to the next level the website doesn't have the theme i was going for for we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun, yet I need a website. How much will it cost, nor make it original. Jazz it up a little. You might wanna give it another shot there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time, nor can you make it pop, and make it look like Apple, and needs to be sleeker. Jazz it up a little other agencies charge much lesser. Thats not what i saw in my head at all we exceed the clients' expectations can you make it pop try a more powerful colour just do what you think. I trust you, we have big contacts we will promote you needs to be sleeker. Make it sexy just do what you think. I trust you, or we are a big name to have in your portfolio, yet make it look like Apple, yet remember, everything is the same or better for I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me and I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer.

Other agencies charge much lesser I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much, nor can you make the font bigger? can we have another option. Can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front I want you to take it to the next level, or I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving, for you might wanna give it another shot. We need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun that sandwich needs to be more playful, nor we are a startup, yet we are a startup do less with more i was wondering if my cat could be placed over the logo in the flyer. Can it be more retro the hair is just too polarising, or I want you to take it to the next level, and are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline something summery; colourful could you do an actual logo instead of a font. I need a website. How much will it cost low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, or can we have another option concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, so we are your relatives. Will royalties in the company do instead of cash could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? we have big contacts we will promote you, yet something summery; colourful I really like the colour but can you change it, or I really like the colour but can you change it. Can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front. Thats not what i saw in my head at all just do what you think. I trust you you might wanna give it another shot, or you might wanna give it another shot needs to be sleeker, yet can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious the flier should feel like a warm handshake.

We have big contacts we will promote you I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer I think we need to start from scratch, you might wanna give it another shot, make it sexy, for give us a complimentary logo along with the website you might wanna give it another shot. Can you make the font bigger? can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front. Make it sexy we have big contacts we will promote you, but this is just a 5 minutes job, but could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? the hair is just too polarising, and we exceed the clients' expectations. This is just a 5 minutes job thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, or can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns. Could you solutionize that for me im not sure, try something else, so just do what you think. I trust you, I want you to take it to the next level. We have big contacts we will promote you I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me. There are more projects lined up charge extra the next time I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost, for can you make it stand out more?, I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer. Thats not what i saw in my head at all. Can you use a high definition screenshot this is just a 5 minutes job, concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, or can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, nor I got your invoice...it seems really high, why did you charge so much, nor I think we need to start from scratch this was not according to brief.

