 Bruce... I'm God. Giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. Forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "Raquel Welch is one great piece of ass. Forget about it!" But then, if you disagree, like "A Lincoln is better than a Cadillac? Forget about it!" You know? But then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "Minghia! Those peppers! Forget about it!" It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. Do you like my meadow? Try some of my grass! Please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. Well, then, I confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in Tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. We're not sheep! Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. But no one should be asked to handle this trip.

Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. Holy Jesus. What are these goddamn animals? Bruce... I'm God. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. What? No. We can't stop here. This is bat country. A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. But no one should be asked to handle this trip. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. Forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "Raquel Welch is one great piece of ass. Forget about it!" But then, if you disagree, like "A Lincoln is better than a Cadillac? Forget about it!" You know? But then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "Minghia! Those peppers! Forget about it!" You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. Well, what is it today? More spelunking?

You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. We are very much alike, you and I, I and you... us. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. We're not sheep! What? No. We can't stop here. This is bat country. We are very much alike, you and I, I and you... us. Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. Forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "Raquel Welch is one great piece of ass. Forget about it!" But then, if you disagree, like "A Lincoln is better than a Cadillac? Forget about it!" You know? But then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "Minghia! Those peppers! Forget about it!" Well, what is it today? More spelunking?

Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. Giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. But no one should be asked to handle this trip. Holy Jesus. What are these goddamn animals? Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy.

I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. Well, then, I confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in Tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. Do you like my meadow? Try some of my grass! Please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. What? No. We can't stop here. This is bat country. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers...

Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. Giddy-up... no, no this way... good horsey. Holy Jesus. What are these goddamn animals? No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. Well, what is it today? More spelunking? Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. Do you like my meadow? Try some of my grass! Please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd.

Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. Bruce... I'm God. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. Well, then, I confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in Tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. 