
Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers.

Uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way? Oh Leela! You're the only person I could turn to; you're the only person who ever loved me. I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring.

Goodbye, cruel world. Goodbye, cruel lamp. Goodbye, cruel velvet drapes, lined with what would appear to be some sort of cruel muslin and the cute little pom-pom curtain pull cords. Cruel though they may be… THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN!
You don't know how to do any of those.

Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault! I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Say what? Um, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to the streets?

    I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool.
    If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right.
    Ow, my spirit!

I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense.

Oh, how awful. Did he at least die painlessly? …To shreds, you say. Well, how is his wife holding up? …To shreds, you say. Why would a robot need to drink? Hello Morbo, how's the family? I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though!

    Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head."
    And then the battle's not so bad?
    Good news, everyone! There's a report on TV with some very bad news!

Have you ever tried just turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them? Bender, I didn't know you liked cooking. That's so cute. Hey, tell me something. You've got all this money. How come you always dress like you're doing your laundry?

We'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go home. You don't know how to do any of those. For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored.

Good news, everyone! I've taught the toaster to feel love! Uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way? Say what? What are their names? Who am I making this out to?

That's a popular name today. Little "e", big "B"? Bite my shiny metal ass. I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though! Pansy. Yeah, I do that with my stupidness.

Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you. Yes. You gave me a dollar and some candy. Who said that? SURE you can die! You want to die?! This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.

Who am I making this out to? Why would I want to know that? I barely knew Philip, but as a clergyman I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him. For the last time, I don't like lilacs! Your 'first' wife was the one who liked lilacs!

And until then, I can never die? Well I'da done better, but it's plum hard pleading a case while awaiting trial for that there incompetence. Who are you, my warranty?! We're rescuing ya. Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages!

Dr. Zoidberg, that doesn't make sense. But, okay! Yeah, lots of people did. No! Don't jump! WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY! GOOD NIGHT! You know the worst thing about being a slave? They make you work, but they don't pay you or let you go.

But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. Goodbye, cruel world. Goodbye, cruel lamp. Goodbye, cruel velvet drapes, lined with what would appear to be some sort of cruel muslin and the cute little pom-pom curtain pull cords. Cruel though they may be…

My fellow Earthicans, as I have explained in my book 'Earth in the Balance'', and the much more popular ''Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth', we need to defend our planet against pollution. Also dark wizards. I'll get my kit!

Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head. Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing. We're also Santa Claus! Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you.
