

Home page

 

Welcome to our church. Whatever your faith or background our doors are open to you, both literally and virtually. Our beautiful church has services every day and is often open throughout the day for people to come and visit and sit in quiet reflection or to admire the stunning architecture of the building. You can also use our website to find out more about our work, what we have going on and details of people and organisations to contact if you need help or support with anything.

 

As well as in the church and on our website, you can also find us out and about in the community. We work in partnership with many schools, charities and community groups and also run a number of groups ourselves that we encourage others to get involved in.

 

If you’re interested in any of the work we do and want to find out more please visit our Contact Us page.

 

Sub page

 

As you can see from the list below we have got a lot of groups, clubs and activities going on and we are always happy to welcome new members. We think there is something for everyone but if you feel there is something missing then we are always open to suggestions for new groups and volunteers to run them. Here is what we have to offer at the moment:

 

Tiny Tots – Playgroup for under 4s and coffee and chat time for parents or carers.

 

Monthly Mag – A committee run church magazine. We are always open to new committee members and to contributors.

 

Sunday School – For all children of school age and we also like to have some parent helpers.

 

Charity Book Stall – Whether you have some books to donate for sale, can offer a couple of mornings a month to staff the stall or would like to be on the committee, we would like to hear from you.

 

Flower Arranging – These talented people are responsible for the beautiful decorations you see at our Sunday services, weddings and funeral services.

 

Bell Ringers – Have your arms got what it takes? Give it a go!

 

Youth Club – Our Youth Club is for or all young people aged 13 – 19 and is run by a qualified Youth Worker. Again we always welcome support from willing parents or carers or even ex-club members who want to come back and help. Any volunteers will need to have a CRB check.
