http://www.fiftyshadesgenerator.com/
If I don't get a stinky pinky to get my clunge gunge frothing from my Quimcy, M.E., his bald avenger is going to leave my open-faced ham sandwich resembling a stuntman's knee. Some girls are happy just to fish for pearls when they're alone, but I can't get off without having a lightbulb in my one slice toaster and a squash up my turd cutter. Within no time, I could feel the shitty ectoplasm dripping from my shit winker and all over my fishy flaps. Hours of plowing like this would leave any girl's beef curtains looking like Terry Waite's allotment, and I was no different! The slamming of my balloon knot was so vigorous, he soon found his sperm factories joining his ample cock deep in my Oxo orifice.
Within no time, I could feel the shitty cock snot sliming from my Mavis Fritter and all over my flappy meal. Some girls are happy just to get a stinky pinky when they're alone, but I can't get off without having an antique doorknob in my wizards sleeve and my fist up my chocolate starfish. If I don't study english cliterature to get my shrimp sap weeping from my cod cave, his skin flute is going to leave my fishy flaps resembling Brian May's plughole. Hours of slamming like this would leave any girl's spam castanets looking like an over inflated dinghy, and I was no different! The pounding of my brown eye was so vigorous, he soon found his sperm factories joining his brie baton deep in my tradesman's entrance.
 The unrelenting orgasms from his slut slayer slamming my cum dumpster made me come so hard, I began sweating like a fat slag in a disco. I can't wait to devour the Da Vinci load from his devil's bagpipe. With my vertical garden now much like Terry Waite's allotment, he thought it was time to start plunging my chocolate starfish. Is now the time to tell him I really need to arc a butt nugget, I wondered? Some girls are happy just to fish for pearls when they're alone, but I can't get off without having a 15" spiked vibrator in my quim and a gerbil up my puckered brown eye. By now, my ladytown was oozing like a broken fridge freezer.
 He curled a giant corn-eyed butt snake on my tatas just so he could devour it up like a pig at a trough. Some girls are happy just to audition the finger puppets when they're alone, but I can't get off without having a 15" spiked vibrator in my one slice toaster and a number of chillies up my vintage golf bag. The slamming of my soft tight anus was so vigorous, he soon found his man berries joining his cream reaper deep in my Oxo orifice. The mixture of butt nugget and baby gravy in my Mavis Fritter created the delicious rectoplasm that he was so fond of. If I don't fluff the muff to get my minge monsoon seeping from my smush mitten, his wrist-thick wand is going to leave my spam castanets resembling a stuntman's knee.
The slamming makes me eject my shrimp sap all over his greasy kebab skewer. Some girls are happy just to stimulate the genitals through phalangetic motion when they're alone, but I can't get off without having my fist in my bearded haddock pasty and a squash up my poo pipe. My Quimcy, M.E. was trembling like jelly. He launched a giant sewer trout on my fiery biscuits just so he could gobble it up like a bulldog eating porridge. The plowing of my ring piece was so vigorous, he soon found his two amigos joining his slut slayer deep in my Mavis Fritter.
I awoke the next morning with my hatchet wound still frothing. I thought it was over but his womb raider had other ideas. Inserting an antique doorknob into my municipal cockwash got me spraying minge mucus faster than greased shit off a shiny shovel. When he removed his cumtree from my vintage golf bag, he was pleasantly surprised to see a Mr. Hanky staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to suck the Mr. Hanky off his throbbing quim dagger. He munched on my fishy flaps, even though I'd been riding the cotton pony for the best part of a week. Some girls are happy just to flick the bean when they're alone, but I can't get off without having my fist in my oyster ditch and an egg timer up my cocoa channel.
 Leaving my panties sunny side up on the floor was the least of my worries as his Ocean's 11 Inches plunged deeper into my brown mile. My cake hole was so full of gristle missile and cock custard, the creamy load was leaking down my chin and onto my chesticles. He munched on my flappy meal, even though I'd had Aunt Flo visiting for the best part of a week. When he removed his cumtree from my marmite motorway, he was pleasantly surprised to see a hardened fudge nugget staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to devour the toilet twinkie off his brie baton. Inserting an egg timer into my penis pothole got me spattering clunge gunge faster than a greased weasel shit.
When he removed his kebeb skewer from my other vagina, he was pleasantly surprised to see a corn-eyed butt snake staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to devour the corn-eyed butt snake off his cream reaper. I awoke the next morning with my ladytown still dribbling. I thought it was over but his all-beef thermometer had other ideas. Inserting a gerbil into my ground zero grotto got me spattering clunge gunge faster than a greased weasel shit. Leaving my panties sunny side up on the floor was the least of my worries as his love muscle slid deeper into my old dirt road. After having my vaginal bacon buffet thrusted, he then proceeded to raid my mud flap.
The thrusting makes me flood my sex wee all over his devil's bagpipe. My throat was so full of tenderloin truncheon and steamin' semen, the cock custard was leaching down my chin and onto my twin peaks. It was bliss having his stilton sword plunged inside me again; stuffing my one slice toaster with a barbie doll just didn't get my front bum squirting like it used to. The feeling of his man fat trickling down my throat got my tuna tunnel tears flowing quicker than greased shit off a shiny shovel. When he removed his blind butler from my black hole, he was pleasantly surprised to see a hardened fudge nugget staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to chow down on the butt nugget off his cunt stretcher.
My cake hole was so full of bald-headed yogurt slinger and gentleman's relish, the Da Vinci load was seeping down my chin and onto my breasticles. I can't wait to gobble the cock snot from his ramrod. Hours of slamming like this would leave any girl's purple cabbage looking like a horse's collar, and I was no different! My smush mitten was trembling like Muhammad Ali on a tumble dryer. With my vertical garden now much like a shot cat, he thought it was time to start probing my brown mile. Is now the time to tell him I really need to pinch off a hardened fudge nugget, I wondered?
My cake hole was so full of cervix cigar and penis pudding, the ectoplasm was leaking down my chin and onto my boobage. Hours of hammering like this would leave any girl's purple cabbage looking like a stuntman's knee, and I was no different! The seemingly never-ending streams of man fat emanating from his spunk-filled spam rocket soon had me coated like a plasterer's radio. After having my split peach pounded, he then proceeded to slam my turd cutter. I can't wait to lap the steamin' semen from his cream reaper.
 The pounding makes me spit my sex wee all over his pink tractor beam. When he removed his spunk-filled spam rocket from my puckered brown eye, he was pleasantly surprised to see a stink pickle staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to consume the sewer trout off his pink tractor beam. My throat was so full of clunger and steamin' semen, the man fat was leaching down my chin and onto my superdroopers. The seemingly never-ending streams of love piss emanating from his balony pony soon had me coated like a plasterer's radio. Hours of plowing like this would leave any girl's meaty hangers looking like a stuntman's knee, and I was no different!
The slamming makes me spray my tuna tunnel tears all over his tallywacker. My mouth was so full of timed slimer and man fat, the baby gravy was seeping down my chin and onto my mammaries. The mixture of corn-eyed butt snake and Da Vinci load in my Mavis Fritter created the delicious rectal stew that he was so fond of. I awoke the next morning with my meat purse still leaching. I thought it was over but his tenderloin truncheon had other ideas. When he removed his wrist-thick wand from my fart valve, he was pleasantly surprised to see a corn-eyed butt snake staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to chow down on the sewer trout off his cunt stretcher.
With his womb raider thrusting deep into my cod canyon, the sensation of his mutton dagger smashing my cervix made me quiver like a tasered slab of chopped liver. The fucking of my rusty bullet hole was so vigorous, he soon found his sperm factories joining his purple-headed trouser snake deep in my puckered brown eye. Leaving my panties sunny side up on the floor was the least of my worries as his womb ferret slid deeper into my Oxo orifice. I awoke the next morning with my enchilada of love still draining. I thought it was over but his cunt plunger had other ideas. When he removed his wrist-thick wand from my turd cutter, he was pleasantly surprised to see a stink pickle staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to lap the stink pickle off his devil's bagpipe.
After having my vibration station fucked, he then proceeded to raid my turd cutter. The hammering of my cocoa channel was so vigorous, he soon found his kids on a swing joining his stilton spear deep in my vintage golf bag. The seemingly never-ending streams of penis pudding emanating from his giggle stick soon had me coated like a plasterer's radio. Hours of hammering like this would leave any girl's open-faced ham sandwich looking like a manatee in yoga pants, and I was no different! I awoke the next morning with my birth cannon still dribbling. I thought it was over but his veiny quim prod had other ideas.
 Hours of thrusting like this would leave any girl's furburger looking like a twisted slipper, and I was no different! I awoke the next morning with my spunk dungeon still weeping. I thought it was over but his one-eyed monster had other ideas. The slamming of my marmite motorway was so vigorous, he soon found his wrecking balls joining his balony pony deep in my Mavis Fritter. By now, my wunder down under was frothing like a slavering dog. The seemingly never-ending streams of Da Vinci load emanating from his cunt stretcher soon had me coated like a plasterer's radio.
The seemingly never-ending streams of creamy load emanating from his love muscle soon had me coated like a plasterer's radio. With his blind butler hammering deep into my meat purse, the sensation of his blood-engorged mayonnaise cannon smashing my cervix made me quiver like Vanessa Feltz's diesel-powered vibrator. Hours of thrusting like this would leave any girl's panty hamster looking like a rabid baboon's arse, and I was no different! It was bliss having his mutton dagger shoved inside me again; stuffing my penis pothole with a lightbulb just didn't get my oyster ditch gushing like it used to. With my lunchmeat now much like a gutted trout, he thought it was time to start plunging my cocoa channel. Is now the time to tell him I really need to extrude a stink pickle, I wondered?
 If I don't finger blast to get my minge mucus foaming from my smush mitten, his master of ceremonies is going to leave my velcro triangle resembling a shot cat. Within no time, I could feel the shitty love piss dribbling from my ring piece and all over my vertical garden. My tampon tunnel was trembling like a rat on acid. After having my enchilada of love slammed, he then proceeded to thrust my soft tight anus. Inserting a 10 inch purple battery-operated monster into my wunder down under got me ejecting sex wee faster than greased shit off a shiny shovel.
I can't wait to consume the gentleman's relish from his blue-veined custard chucker. My enchilada of love was trembling like a rat on acid. By now, my kipper dinghy was leaking like a broken coffee maker. My mouth was so full of tenderloin truncheon and magician's wax, the steamin' semen was weeping down my chin and onto my love bubbles. If I don't fish for pearls to get my beige slime flowing from my front bum, his thrill drill is going to leave my meaty hangers resembling a manatee in yoga pants.
Leaving my panties sunny side up on the floor was the least of my worries as his cream reaper slid deeper into my ring piece. He munched on my vertical smile, even though I'd been surfing the crimson tide for the best part of a week. With my velcro triangle now much like a stamped bat, he thought it was time to start sliding my turd cutter. Is now the time to tell him I really need to extrude a sewer trout, I wondered? Inserting a squash into my clearing in the woods got me spraying sex wee faster than a greased weasel shit. My wizards sleeve was trembling like a shitting dog.
My cake hole was so full of eight inches of throbbing pink jesus and cock snot, the love mayonnaise was dripping down my chin and onto my chesticles. Hours of hammering like this would leave any girl's panty hamster looking like an over inflated dinghy, and I was no different! Leaving my panties sunny side up on the floor was the least of my worries as his gristle missile shoved deeper into my cocoa channel. He munched on my vertical garden, even though I'd been walking the red carpet for the best part of a week. When he removed his wrist-thick wand from my Mavis Fritter, he was pleasantly surprised to see a sewer trout staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to devour the colon cobra off his Ocean's 11 Inches.
Leaving my panties sunny side up on the floor was the least of my worries as his disco stick slid deeper into my turd-herder. My mouth was so full of piss pipe and gentleman's relish, the love piss was seeping down my chin and onto my cans. If I don't audition the finger puppets to get my clunge gunge leaching from my gaping clam cavern, his battering ram is going to leave my open-faced ham sandwich resembling that bathroom door in The Shining. I awoke the next morning with my wizards sleeve still slobbering. I thought it was over but his ample cock had other ideas. Hours of pounding like this would leave any girl's velcro triangle looking like a blind cobbler's thumb, and I was no different!
The mixture of stink pickle and creamy load in my chocolate starfish created the delicious sphincter sauce that he was so fond of. After having my ladytown pounded, he then proceeded to hammer my cocoa channel. If I don't play the clitar to get my minge mucus dribbling from my chamber of squelch, his cumtree is going to leave my meaty hangers resembling Terry Waite's allotment. Within no time, I could feel the shitty love mayonnaise frothing from my turd-herder and all over my fishy flaps. With my fishy flaps now much like a gutted trout, he thought it was time to start ramming my balloon knot. Is now the time to tell him I really need to cop a colon cobra, I wondered?
 My meat purse was trembling like Micheal J. Fox licking a car battery. By now, my bearded haddock pasty was dribbling like a broken fridge freezer. The mixture of hardened fudge nugget and penis pudding in my rusty bullet hole created the delicious porthole pudding that he was so fond of. Within no time, I could feel the shitty love piss sliming from my shit winker and all over my vertical smile. I awoke the next morning with my birth cannon still foaming. I thought it was over but his greasy slimelight had other ideas.
