The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest. The year is 1987 and NASA launches the last of Americas deep space probes. In 1972 a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles underground. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship. Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will.; Got kind of tired packin' and unpackin' - town to town and up and down the dial. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost.

Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum. What might be right for you may not be right for some. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born."

The mate was a mighty sailin' man the Skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour a three hour tour. Love exciting and new. Come aboard were expecting you. Love life's sweetest reward Let it flow it floats back to you. Now were up in the big leagues getting' our turn at bat.: A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. They were four men living all together yet they were all alone. Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name. And they're always glad you came. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed.

Goodbye gray sky hello blue. There's nothing can hold me when I hold you. Feels so right it cant be wrong. Rockin' and rollin' all week long. Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born. Sunday Monday Happy Days. Tuesday Wednesday Happy Days. Thursday Friday Happy Days.Saturday what a day. Groovin' all week with you. Here he comes Here comes Speed Racer. He's a demon on wheels.

The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest! Here's the story of a man named Brady who was busy with three boys of his own. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. Knight Rider: A shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist. Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name. And they're always glad you came.

The Brady Bunch the Brady Bunch that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. Sunday Monday Happy Days. Tuesday Wednesday Happy Days. Thursday Friday Happy Days.Saturday what a day. Groovin' all week with you. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie.

And we'll do it our way yes our way. Make all our dreams come true for me and you. The mate was a mighty sailin' man the Skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour a three hour tour. These Happy Days are yours and mine Happy Days!

Well we're movin' on up to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky. And you know where you were then. Girls were girls and men were men. Mister we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again. Today still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune. Love exciting and new. Come aboard were expecting you. Love life's sweetest reward Let it flow it floats back to you. These Happy Days are yours and mine Happy Days. Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer go! Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch.

Come and dance on our floor. Take a step that is new. We've a loveable space that needs your face threes company too. Knight Rider: A shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist. He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5. Why do we always come here? I guess well never know. Its like a kind of torture to have to watch the show. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed. He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5. Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant.

It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight. Well we're movin' on up to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky. No phone no lights no motor car not a single luxury. Like Robinson Crusoe it's primitive as can be. On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show. Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. Love exciting and new. Come aboard were expecting you. Love life's sweetest reward Let it flow it floats back to you. If you have a problem if no one else can help and if you can find them maybe you can hire The A-Team! Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me. Then one day he was shootin' at some food and up through the ground came a bubblin' crude. Oil that is. Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born.

Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant." They're creepy and they're kooky mysterious and spooky. They're all together ooky the Addams Family. And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder flying there-under under the sea., "Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP.."

Today still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed. And if you threw a party - invited everyone you knew. You would see the biggest gift would be from me and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend. The mate was a mighty sailin' man the Skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour a three hour tour. Now were up in the big leagues getting' our turn at bat. But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world. And you know where you were then. Girls were girls and men were men. Mister we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again. It's time to put on makeup. It's time to dress up right. It's time to raise the curtain on the Muppet Show tonight. They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth. But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world. Here he comes Here comes Speed Racer. He's a demon on wheels.

Here's the story of a man named Brady who was busy with three boys of his own. Its mission - to explore strange new worlds to seek out new life and new civilizations to boldly go where no man has gone before. Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true. Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days. In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. Just two good ol' boys Wouldn't change if they could. Fightin' the system like a true modern day Robin Hood. Texas tea. I have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you. I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you?

Goodbye gray sky hello blue. There's nothing can hold me when I hold you. Feels so right it cant be wrong. Rockin' and rollin' all week long. They're creepy and they're kooky mysterious and spooky. They're all together ooky the Addams Family! In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle with Gilligan the Skipper too the millionaire and his wife? Maybe you and me were never meant to be. But baby think of me once in awhile. I'm at WKRP in Cincinnati., Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family.

I have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you. I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship.

And when the odds are against him and their dangers work to do. You bet your life Speed Racer he will see it through. The Love Boat soon will be making another run. The Love Boat promises something for everyone.

Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me. Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP. And you know where you were then. Girls were girls and men were men. Mister we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again. In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later! Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth.

All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant. They're creepy and they're kooky mysterious and spooky. They're all together ooky the Addams Family. Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born. In 1972 a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles underground. Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder flying there-under under the sea. All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. we might as well say... Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor.

On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show! The Love Boat soon will be making another run. The Love Boat promises something for everyone. On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show. Michael Knight a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent. The helpless. The powerless in a world of criminals who operate above the law. Texas tea. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch? Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days.

Michael Knight a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent. The helpless. The powerless in a world of criminals who operate above the law. Michael Knight a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent. The helpless. The powerless in a world of criminals who operate above the law. It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight. Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP.

In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. Sunny Days sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street? Sunday Monday Happy Days. Tuesday Wednesday Happy Days. Thursday Friday Happy Days.Saturday what a day. Groovin' all week with you. Sunny Days sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street. On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show. Well the first thing you know ol' Jeds a millionaire. Kinfolk said Jed move away from there. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed. It's time to put on makeup. It's time to dress up right. It's time to raise the curtain on the Muppet Show tonight. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. They're creepy and they're kooky mysterious and spooky. They're all together ooky the Addams Family. Come and knock on our door. We've been waiting for you. Where the kisses are hers and hers and his. Three's company too. Well the first thing you know ol' Jeds a millionaire. Kinfolk said Jed move away from there. These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby.

Now were up in the big leagues getting' our turn at bat? Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days. So get a witch's shawl on a broomstick you can crawl on. Were gonna pay a call on the Addams Family? The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. That this group would somehow form a family that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. And we'll do it our way yes our way. Make all our dreams come true for me and you. It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Its a neighborly day in this beautywood a neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine.

Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie? The year is 1987 and NASA launches the last of Americas deep space probes. Love exciting and new. Come aboard were expecting you. Love life's sweetest reward Let it flow it floats back to you.

Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth. The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest. Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true. Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP. It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight. Sunny Days sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street.

They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he? Maybe you and me were never meant to be. But baby think of me once in awhile. I'm at WKRP in Cincinnati! Maybe you and me were never meant to be. But baby think of me once in awhile. I'm at WKRP in Cincinnati. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch? It's time to put on makeup. It's time to dress up right. It's time to raise the curtain on the Muppet Show tonight. One two three four five six seven eight Sclemeel schlemazel hasenfeffer incorporated. The Brady Bunch the Brady Bunch that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch! Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant.

And if you threw a party - invited everyone you knew. You would see the biggest gift would be from me and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend. And if you threw a party - invited everyone you knew. You would see the biggest gift would be from me and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend.

You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. Come and play. Everything's A-OK. Friendly neighbors there that's where we meet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street? The mate was a mighty sailin' man the Skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour a three hour tour." Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle? Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch.

we might as well say... Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor. Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant. Goodbye gray sky hello blue. There's nothing can hold me when I hold you. Feels so right it cant be wrong. Rockin' and rollin' all week long. All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls.

Well we're movin' on up to the east side to a deluxe apartment in the sky. I have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you. I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. Today still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune. So this is the tale of our castaways they're here for a long long time. They'll have to make the best of things its an uphill climb? Knight Rider: A shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist. Well we're movin' on up to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky! Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family.

That this group would somehow form a family that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free? As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that. And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder flying there-under under the sea. And you know where you were then. Girls were girls and men were men. Mister we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again? In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight." One two three four five six seven eight Sclemeel schlemazel hasenfeffer incorporated. Then one day he was shootin' at some food and up through the ground came a bubblin' crude. Oil that is. The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle with Gilligan the Skipper too the millionaire and his wife Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship?

So lets make the most of this beautiful day. Since we're together. The Love Boat soon will be making another run. The Love Boat promises something for everyone. Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum. What might be right for you may not be right for some. In 1972 a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles underground. Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth! Just two good ol' boys Wouldn't change if they could. Fightin' the system like a true modern day Robin Hood. As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that? It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Its a neighborly day in this beautywood a neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine?

Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days. So this is the tale of our castaways they're here for a long long time. They'll have to make the best of things its an uphill climb. They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. It's time to put on makeup. It's time to dress up right. It's time to raise the curtain on the Muppet Show tonight! Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born. Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me. On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show. Sunny Days sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie.

It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Its a neighborly day in this beautywood a neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine! The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest. Makin' your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Takin' a break from all your worries sure would help a lot. Space. The final frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Said Californ'y is the place you ought to be So they loaded up the truck and moved to Beverly. Hills that is. Swimmin' pools movie stars.

Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days. Come and play. Everything's A-OK. Friendly neighbors there that's where we meet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street. In 1972 a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles underground. Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer go.

They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days. Come and dance on our floor. Take a step that is new. We've a loveable space that needs your face threes company too. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. They were four men living all together yet they were all alone. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days. Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth." black gold Its mission - to explore strange new worlds to seek out new life and new civilizations to boldly go where no man has gone before.

Here's the story of a man named Brady who was busy with three boys of his own. As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that. They're creepy and they're kooky mysterious and spooky. They're all together ooky the Addams Family. Texas tea.; Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. Here he comes Here comes Speed Racer. He's a demon on wheels? Now were up in the big leagues getting' our turn at bat. Its mission - to explore strange new worlds to seek out new life and new civilizations to boldly go where no man has gone before. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch? Come and dance on our floor. Take a step that is new. We've a loveable space that needs your face threes company too. These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name. And they're always glad you came.

Sunny Days sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street. Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant?

Well the first thing you know ol' Jeds a millionaire. Kinfolk said Jed move away from there. Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP? These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. Here he comes Here comes Speed Racer. He's a demon on wheels. Said Californ'y is the place you ought to be So they loaded up the truck and moved to Beverly. Hills that is. Swimmin' pools movie stars. They were four men living all together yet they were all alone. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family. Makin' your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Takin' a break from all your worries sure would help a lot.

The Brady Bunch the Brady Bunch that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch., Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days. But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world. These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me! Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant.

Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born. As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that.

These Happy Days are yours and mine Happy Days. One two three four five six seven eight Sclemeel schlemazel hasenfeffer incorporated. Now were up in the big leagues getting' our turn at bat. The year is 1987 and NASA launches the last of Americas deep space probes. Makin' your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Takin' a break from all your worries sure would help a lot. He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5.

That this group would somehow form a family that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show. One two three four five six seven eight Sclemeel schlemazel hasenfeffer incorporated. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch. The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest.

Space. The final frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Just two good ol' boys Wouldn't change if they could. Fightin' the system like a true modern day Robin Hood. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days?

Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. The mate was a mighty sailin' man the Skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour a three hour tour. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family. Here he comes Here comes Speed Racer. He's a demon on wheels.
Maybe you and me were never meant to be. But baby think of me once in awhile. I'm at WKRP in Cincinnati. It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Its a neighborly day in this beautywood a neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine. So lets make the most of this beautiful day. Since we're together These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby? Now were up in the big leagues getting' our turn at bat. Just two good ol' boys Wouldn't change if they could. Fightin' the system like a true modern day Robin Hood." The year is 1987 and NASA launches the last of Americas deep space probes. Knight Rider: A shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist. Doin' it our way. Nothin's gonna turn us back now. Straight ahead and on the track now. We're gonna make our dreams come true. Fish don't fry in the kitchen and beans don't burn on the grill. Took a whole lotta tryin' just to get up that hill? Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me. The mate was a mighty sailin' man the Skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour a three hour tour?

The Love Boat soon will be making another run. The Love Boat promises something for everyone. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name.

Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days. Today still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune. But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world. He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5. Sunday Monday Happy Days. Tuesday Wednesday Happy Days. Thursday Friday Happy Days.Saturday what a day. Groovin' all week with you. Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name. And they're always glad you came. All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world. Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true.

Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. Goodbye gray sky hello blue. There's nothing can hold me when I hold you. Feels so right it cant be wrong. Rockin' and rollin' all week long? Love exciting and new. Come aboard were expecting you. Love life's sweetest reward Let it flow it floats back to you! He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5., "Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name. And they're always glad you came." Today still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune. As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that. It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight." It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie.

It's time to put on makeup. It's time to dress up right. It's time to raise the curtain on the Muppet Show tonight! Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. I have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you. I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you. Come and play. Everything's A-OK. Friendly neighbors there that's where we meet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street. Sunday Monday Happy Days. Tuesday Wednesday Happy Days. Thursday Friday Happy Days.Saturday what a day. Groovin' all week with you? Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will.

Michael Knight a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent. The helpless. The powerless in a world of criminals who operate above the law. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship. Knight Rider: A shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family. Texas tea. They were four men living all together yet they were all alone. black gold. black gold It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight? Come and knock on our door. We've been waiting for you. Where the kisses are hers and hers and his. Three's company too.

Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer go! No phone no lights no motor car not a single luxury. Like Robinson Crusoe it's primitive as can be. Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth. Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant. If you have a problem if no one else can help and if you can find them maybe you can hire The A-Team.

And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder flying there-under under the sea. No phone no lights no motor car not a single luxury. Like Robinson Crusoe it's primitive as can be. Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true. Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me. Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born. They were four men living all together yet they were all alone. Got kind of tired packin' and unpackin' - town to town and up and down the dial! Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. So this is the tale of our castaways they're here for a long long time. They'll have to make the best of things its an uphill climb. These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. Knight Rider: A shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist. The movie star the professor and Mary Ann here on Gilligans Isle. And when the odds are against him and their dangers work to do. You bet your life Speed Racer he will see it through.

On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show. Makin their way the only way they know how. That's just a little bit more than the law will allow. The mate was a mighty sailin' man the Skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour a three hour tour.

Makin their way the only way they know how. That's just a little bit more than the law will allow. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. And when the odds are against him and their dangers work to do. You bet your life Speed Racer he will see it through. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed.

Said Californ'y is the place you ought to be So they loaded up the truck and moved to Beverly. Hills that is. Swimmin' pools movie stars. Why do we always come here? I guess well never know. Its like a kind of torture to have to watch the show. Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name. And they're always glad you came."

A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. No phone no lights no motor car not a single luxury. Like Robinson Crusoe it's primitive as can be. The mate was a mighty sailin' man the Skipper brave and sure. Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour a three hour tour. And we'll do it our way yes our way. Make all our dreams come true for me and you.

Today still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune. These Happy Days are yours and mine Happy Days? Well we're movin' on up to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky. Love exciting and new. Come aboard were expecting you. Love life's sweetest reward Let it flow it floats back to you. Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP. The movie star the professor and Mary Ann here on Gilligans Isle. So lets make the most of this beautiful day. Since we're together.

Sunday Monday Happy Days. Tuesday Wednesday Happy Days. Thursday Friday Happy Days.Saturday what a day. Groovin' all week with you. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. Got kind of tired packin' and unpackin' - town to town and up and down the dial. Then one day he was shootin' at some food and up through the ground came a bubblin' crude. Oil that is. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch. These Happy Days are yours and mine Happy Days. Why do we always come here? I guess well never know. Its like a kind of torture to have to watch the show.

They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. Well we're movin' on up to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky. All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. Makin' your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Takin' a break from all your worries sure would help a lot. Come and dance on our floor. Take a step that is new. We've a loveable space that needs your face threes company too. These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle?

Well the first thing you know ol' Jeds a millionaire. Kinfolk said Jed move away from there. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. And you know where you were then. Girls were girls and men were men. Mister we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again? And when the odds are against him and their dangers work to do. You bet your life Speed Racer he will see it through! Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days. If you have a problem if no one else can help and if you can find them maybe you can hire The A-Team? Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. Straightnin' the curves. Flatnin' the hills Someday the mountain might get ‘em but the law never will. Makin their way the only way they know how. That's just a little bit more than the law will allow. Got kind of tired packin' and unpackin' - town to town and up and down the dial.

On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show. Today still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune. These Happy Days are yours and mine Happy Days. They're creepy and they're kooky mysterious and spooky. They're all together ooky the Addams Family. No phone no lights no motor car not a single luxury. Like Robinson Crusoe it's primitive as can be. All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls., we might as well say... Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor! Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true. Makin their way the only way they know how. That's just a little bit more than the law will allow. Said Californ'y is the place you ought to be So they loaded up the truck and moved to Beverly. Hills that is. Swimmin' pools movie stars. And we'll do it our way yes our way. Make all our dreams come true for me and you.

Goodbye gray sky hello blue. There's nothing can hold me when I hold you. Feels so right it cant be wrong. Rockin' and rollin' all week long. Space. The final frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. And we'll do it our way yes our way. Make all our dreams come true for me and you. Doin' it our way. There's nothing we wont try. Never heard the word impossible. This time there's no stopping us. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. Now were up in the big leagues getting' our turn at bat. Makin their way the only way they know how. That's just a little bit more than the law will allow. These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby.

These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. Well we're movin' on up to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky? Come and knock on our door. We've been waiting for you. Where the kisses are hers and hers and his. Three's company too. It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Its a neighborly day in this beautywood a neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine. One two three four five six seven eight Sclemeel schlemazel hasenfeffer incorporated. Love exciting and new. Come aboard were expecting you. Love life's sweetest reward Let it flow it floats back to you.

Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship! And we'll do it our way yes our way. Make all our dreams come true for me and you. Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true. Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. we might as well say... Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor.

A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. Here he comes Here comes Speed Racer. He's a demon on wheels? And you know where you were then. Girls were girls and men were men. Mister we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again?

They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. It's time to put on makeup. It's time to dress up right. It's time to raise the curtain on the Muppet Show tonight. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days! Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth. No phone no lights no motor car not a single luxury. Like Robinson Crusoe it's primitive as can be. Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true." Then one day he was shootin' at some food and up through the ground came a bubblin' crude. Oil that is. Said Californ'y is the place you ought to be So they loaded up the truck and moved to Beverly. Hills that is. Swimmin' pools movie stars. That this group would somehow form a family that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true.

All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. So lets make the most of this beautiful day. Since we're together. Michael Knight a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent. The helpless. The powerless in a world of criminals who operate above the law.

Then one day he was shootin' at some food and up through the ground came a bubblin' crude. Oil that is. No phone no lights no motor car not a single luxury. Like Robinson Crusoe it's primitive as can be. Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum. What might be right for you may not be right for some. We're gonna do it. On your mark get set and go now. Got a dream and we just know now we're gonna make our dream come true. Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth. They were four men living all together yet they were all alone. black gold. The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest.

So lets make the most of this beautiful day. Since we're together. As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that. As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that.

These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby! He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5.

These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. Well we're movin' on up to the east side to a deluxe apartment in the sky. Its mission - to explore strange new worlds to seek out new life and new civilizations to boldly go where no man has gone before. Michael Knight a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent. The helpless. The powerless in a world of criminals who operate above the law. One two three four five six seven eight Sclemeel schlemazel hasenfeffer incorporated. In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. Well we're movin' on up to the east side to a deluxe apartment in the sky. Texas tea. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed.

Makin' your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Takin' a break from all your worries sure would help a lot. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me.

we might as well say... Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor? You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. It's time to play the music. It's time to light the lights. It's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight. Got kind of tired packin' and unpackin' - town to town and up and down the dial. As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. Maybe you and me were never meant to be. But baby think of me once in awhile. I'm at WKRP in Cincinnati. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born? The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost.

Then one day he was shootin' at some food and up through the ground came a bubblin' crude. Oil that is? Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth. Were gonna do it. Give us any chance well take it. Give us any rule we'll break it. We're gonna make our dreams come true. The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest. Well the first thing you know ol' Jeds a millionaire. Kinfolk said Jed move away from there. They were four men living all together yet they were all alone. And if you threw a party - invited everyone you knew. You would see the biggest gift would be from me and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend? As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world. These Happy Days are yours and mine Happy Days. Here he comes Here comes Speed Racer. He's a demon on wheels. He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5. So get a witch's shawl on a broomstick you can crawl on. Were gonna pay a call on the Addams Family. Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer go? These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. So this is the tale of our castaways they're here for a long long time. They'll have to make the best of things its an uphill climb.

The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle with Gilligan the Skipper too the millionaire and his wife. And if you threw a party - invited everyone you knew. You would see the biggest gift would be from me and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend. Got kind of tired packin' and unpackin' - town to town and up and down the dial. Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP. Well the first thing you know ol' Jeds a millionaire. Kinfolk said Jed move away from there. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed. Today still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune. Come and knock on our door. We've been waiting for you. Where the kisses are hers and hers and his. Three's company too. And you know where you were then. Girls were girls and men were men. Mister we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again. And we'll do it our way yes our way. Make all our dreams come true for me and you. Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP. Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP. Well we're movin' on up to the east side to a deluxe apartment in the sky.

We're gonna do it. On your mark get set and go now. Got a dream and we just know now we're gonna make our dream come true. So this is the tale of our castaways they're here for a long long time. They'll have to make the best of things its an uphill climb. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed.

Just two good ol' boys Wouldn't change if they could. Fightin' the system like a true modern day Robin Hood. Well the first thing you know ol' Jeds a millionaire. Kinfolk said Jed move away from there. That this group would somehow form a family that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. Fish don't fry in the kitchen and beans don't burn on the grill. Took a whole lotta tryin' just to get up that hill. Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth. black gold The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle with Gilligan the Skipper too the millionaire and his wife. Makin their way the only way they know how. That's just a little bit more than the law will allow. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days.