

So one Sunday, I put on one of the few clean jackets I had, and went over to Trinity United Church of Christ on 95th Street on the South Side of Chicago. The questions I had didn't magically disappear. That's the promise we need to keep. The second major source of tension that we need to discuss is the situation between Israelis, Palestinians and the Arab world.

They want a sense of purpose, a narrative arc to their lives. Wright deliver a sermon called "The Audacity of Hope." And during the course of that sermon, he introduced me to someone named Jesus Christ. But she didn't. Because if you don't have any fresh ideas, then you use stale tactics to scare the voters. We are taking concrete actions to change course. There need not be contradiction between development and tradition.

He told me he'd joined the Marines, and was heading to Iraq the following week. Now let me be clear.

Two hundred and twenty one years ago, in a hall that still stands across the street, a group of men gathered and, with these simple words, launched America's improbable experiment in democracy. The press has scoured every exit poll for the latest evidence of racial polarization, not just in terms of white and black, but black and brown as well.

But I have asserted a firm conviction - a conviction rooted in my faith in God and my faith in the American people - that working together we can move beyond some of our old racial wounds, and that in fact we have no choice is we are to continue on the path of a more perfect union. I would not be running for President if I didn't believe with all my heart that this is what the vast majority of Americans want for this country. Words alone cannot meet the needs of our people.

The President vetoed a similar plan, but he doesn't have the last word, and we're going to keep at it, until we bring this war to an end. Like other predominantly black churches across the country, Trinity embodies the black community in its entirety - the doctor and the welfare mom, the model student and the former gang-banger. You see, we Democrats have a very different measure of what constitutes progress in this country. So whatever we think of the past, we must not be prisoners of it.

Hall in East Moline, Ill.. They must be pursued - and they must be defeated. In a sense, what brought me to Chicago in the first place was a hunger for some sort of meaning in my life. This is the reality in which Reverend Wright and other African-Americans of his generation grew up. America, now is not the time for small plans. This too is part of America's promise - the promise of a democracy where we can find the strength and grace to bridge divides and unite in common effort.

John Kerry believes in an America where all Americans can afford the same health coverage our politicians in Washington have for themselves. And until we stop the genocide that's being carried out in Darfur as I speak, our conscience cannot rest. For over a thousand years, Al-Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning, and for over a century, Cairo University has been a source of Egypt's advancement.

We the people, in order to form a more perfect union." The fundamentals we use to measure economic strength are whether we are living up to that fundamental promise that has made this country great - a promise that is the only reason I am standing here tonight. I believe that as hard as it will be, the change we need is coming. Although I believe that the Iraqi people are ultimately better off without the tyranny of Saddam Hussein, I also believe that events in Iraq have reminded America of the need to use diplomacy and build international consensus to resolve our problems whenever possible. But privately, many Muslims recognize that Israel will not go away.

My father was a foreign student, born and raised in a small village in Kenya. Out of work? Tough luck. Yes, we must provide more ladders to success for young men who fall into lives of crime and despair. Indeed, it suggests the opposite: we must face these tensions squarely.

We would be making the same mistake that Reverend Wright made in his offending sermons about America - to simplify and stereotype and amplify the negative to the point that it distorts reality. And today, whenever I find myself feeling doubtful or cynical about this possibility, what gives me the most hope is the next generation - the young people whose attitudes and beliefs and openness to change have already made history in this election. King's birthday at his home church, Ebenezer Baptist, in Atlanta. But the record's clear: John McCain has voted with George Bush ninety percent of the time. As the Holy Koran tells us, "Be conscious of God and speak always the truth." That is what I will try to do - to speak the truth as best I can, humbled by the task before us, and firm in my belief that the interests we share as human beings are far more powerful than the forces that drive us apart.

Thank you. And may God's peace be upon you.
