http://www.elsewhere.org/pomo/

Capitalist desemioticism and nationalism
Henry G. Bailey

Department of Sociology, University of Illinois

1. Discourses of absurdity

“Class is responsible for capitalism,” says Lacan. However, an abundance of
narratives concerning the dialectic, and thus the absurdity, of posttextual
sexual identity exist.

“Class is part of the futility of narrativity,” says Sontag; however,
according to Brophy[1] , it is not so much class that is
part of the futility of narrativity, but rather the paradigm, and some would
say the defining characteristic, of class. Abian[2] states
that the works of Stone are postmodern. Therefore, the subject is interpolated
into a neocapitalist theory that includes reality as a paradox.

The failure of cultural materialism depicted in Stone’s Heaven and
Earth emerges again in Natural Born Killers, although in a more
mythopoetical sense. However, if capitalist desemioticism holds, we have to
choose between cultural materialism and subtextual libertarianism.

Baudrillard’s analysis of capitalist desemioticism holds that consciousness
serves to disempower the proletariat. But Marx uses the term ‘cultural
materialism’ to denote the bridge between sexuality and sexual identity.

The premise of capitalist desemioticism implies that language is elitist,
but only if Lacan’s essay on cultural materialism is valid; if that is not the
case, Baudrillard’s model of dialectic discourse is one of “prestructuralist
deappropriation”, and therefore intrinsically used in the service of sexism.
Thus, Dietrich[3] states that we have to choose between
nationalism and Sartreist absurdity.
2. Capitalist desemioticism and cultural narrative

The main theme of the works of Stone is not desituationism, but
neodesituationism. Debord uses the term ‘nationalism’ to denote a subdialectic
totality. However, the characteristic theme of Brophy’s[4]
analysis of capitalist desemioticism is the paradigm, and eventually the
futility, of textual class.

“Sexual identity is dead,” says Bataille. If neocultural narrative holds, we
have to choose between capitalist desemioticism and Baudrillardist simulation.
Therefore, the primary theme of the works of Stone is the difference between
truth and society.

The main theme of Wilson’s[5] model of postdialectic
narrative is a self-fulfilling reality. Bataille uses the term ‘capitalist
desemioticism’ to denote not desublimation, but predesublimation. Thus, the
premise of nationalism implies that consciousness has intrinsic meaning.

In the works of Stone, a predominant concept is the concept of textual art.
In Heaven and Earth, Stone affirms the postcultural paradigm of reality;
in JFK, although, he examines capitalist desemioticism. However, Lacan
suggests the use of dialectic narrative to read and modify sexual identity.

Hanfkopf[6] states that the works of Stone are not
postmodern. It could be said that Sontag promotes the use of nationalism to
deconstruct outdated, sexist perceptions of reality.

Foucault uses the term ‘textual theory’ to denote a subdeconstructivist
paradox. Thus, Bataille suggests the use of capitalist desemioticism to read
sexual identity.

The example of cultural narrative prevalent in Stone’s Platoon is
also evident in JFK. However, the subject is contextualised into a
capitalist rationalism that includes consciousness as a whole.

If capitalist desemioticism holds, we have to choose between cultural
narrative and presemantic discourse. But any number of narratives concerning
nationalism may be revealed.

Marx’s critique of capitalist desemioticism holds that reality is created by
the masses. Thus, the primary theme of the works of Stone is the bridge between
class and reality.

1. Brophy, Z. G. (1974) The
Dialectic of Society: Nationalism and capitalist desemioticism. And/Or
Press

2. Abian, D. ed. (1986) Capitalist desemioticism and
nationalism. O’Reilly & Associates

3. Dietrich, M. B. (1999) The Stasis of Context:
Nationalism in the works of Madonna. Oxford University Press

4. Brophy, M. ed. (1975) Nationalism and capitalist
desemioticism. Panic Button Books

5. Wilson, B. Y. (1987) Modern Discourses: Nationalism in
the works of Glass. Cambridge University Press

6. Hanfkopf, K. A. F. ed. (1991) Nationalism, the
neocapitalist paradigm of context and objectivism. And/Or Press

The essay you have just seen is completely meaningless and was randomly generated by the Postmodernism Generator. To generate another essay, follow this link.
If you liked this particular essay and would like to return to it, follow this link for a bookmarkable page.

The Postmodernism Generator was written by Andrew C. Bulhak using the Dada Engine, a system for generating random text from recursive grammars, and modified very slightly by Josh Larios (this version, anyway. There are others out there).

This installation of the Generator has delivered 13167553 essays since 25/Feb/2000 18:43:09 PST, when it became operational.

More detailed technical information may be found in Monash University Department of Computer Science Technical Report 96/264: “On the Simulation of Postmodernism and Mental Debility Using Recursive Transition Networks“.

More generated texts are linked to from the sidebar to the right.

If you enjoy this, you might also enjoy reading about the Social Text Affair, where NYU Physics Professor Alan Sokal’s brilliant(ly meaningless) hoax article was accepted by a cultural criticism publication. 