
I'm allergic to bee stings. They cause me to, uh, die.

Look out, Itchy! He's Irish! I stand by my racial slur. Old people don't need companionship. They need to be isolated and studied so it can be determined what nutrients they have that might be extracted for our personal use.

Dear Mr. President, There are too many states nowadays. Please, eliminate three. P. S. I am not a crackpot. And here I am using my own lungs like a sucker. Homer no function beer well without. Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true!
When will I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV!

This is the greatest case of false advertising I've seen since I sued the movie "The Never Ending Story." We started out like Romeo and Juliet, but it ended up in tragedy. You don't like your job, you don't strike. You go in every day and do it really half-assed. That's the American way.

    Fire can be our friend; whether it's toasting marshmallows or raining down on Charlie.
    Oh, I'm in no condition to drive. Wait a minute. I don't have to listen to myself. I'm drunk.
    Books are useless! I only ever read one book, "To Kill A Mockingbird," and it gave me absolutely no insight on how to kill mockingbirds! Sure it taught me not to judge a man by the color of his skin…but what good does *that* do me?

Your questions have become more redundant and annoying than the last three "Highlander" movies.

I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me, Superman. Books are useless! I only ever read one book, "To Kill A Mockingbird," and it gave me absolutely no insight on how to kill mockingbirds! Sure it taught me not to judge a man by the color of his skin…but what good does *that* do me?

    Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
    I don't like being outdoors, Smithers. For one thing, there's too many fat children.
    This is the greatest case of false advertising I've seen since I sued the movie "The Never Ending Story."

I stand by my racial slur. Homer no function beer well without. Last night's "Itchy and Scratchy Show" was, without a doubt, the worst episode *ever.* Rest assured, I was on the Internet within minutes, registering my disgust throughout the world.

I don't like being outdoors, Smithers. For one thing, there's too many fat children. I prefer a vehicle that doesn't hurt Mother Earth. It's a go-cart, powered by my own sense of self-satisfaction. You don't win friends with salad.

Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true! Inflammable means flammable? What a country. Uh, no, they're saying "Boo-urns, Boo-urns." I've had it with this school, Skinner. Low test scores, class after class of ugly, ugly children…

I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me, Superman. Fire can be our friend; whether it's toasting marshmallows or raining down on Charlie. I hope this has taught you kids a lesson: kids never learn.

…And the fluffy kitten played with that ball of string all through the night. On a lighter note, a Kwik-E-Mart clerk was brutally murdered last night. Son, a woman is like a beer. They smell good, they look good, you'd step over your own mother just to get one! But you can't stop at one. You wanna drink another woman!

The Internet King? I wonder if he could provide faster nudity… Thank you, steal again. Inflammable means flammable? What a country. I'll be back. You can't keep the Democrats out of the White House forever, and when they get in, I'm back on the streets, with all my criminal buddies.

Kids, kids. I'm not going to die. That only happens to bad people. When will I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV! Ahoy hoy? Jesus must be spinning in his grave!

Shoplifting is a victimless crime. Like punching someone in the dark. You know, the one with all the well meaning rules that don't work out in real life, uh, Christianity. Here's to alcohol, the cause of — and solution to — all life's problems.

Don't kid yourself, Jimmy. If a cow ever got the chance, he'd eat you and everyone you care about! Your guilty consciences may make you vote Democratic, but secretly you all yearn for a Republican president to lower taxes, brutalize criminals, and rule you like a king!

Our differences are only skin deep, but our sames go down to the bone. Fame was like a drug. But what was even more like a drug were the drugs. Oh, a *sarcasm* detector. Oh, that's a *really* useful invention!

You know, the one with all the well meaning rules that don't work out in real life, uh, Christianity. Uh, no, they're saying "Boo-urns, Boo-urns." "Thank the Lord"? That sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public school. God has no place within these walls, just like facts don't have a place within an organized religion.
