
I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself.

Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone. She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time!

Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it?
You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away!

I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. Ye-ha! Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed.

    You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home!
    What?!
    I'm trying not to, kid.

As you wish.

Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going. The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.

    Partially, but it also obeys your commands.
    Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money.
    I find your lack of faith disturbing.

In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. As you wish. Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money.

I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time!

The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers. The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan--

Don't underestimate the Force. I have traced the Rebel spies to her. Now she is my only link to finding their secret base. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct.

Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. Partially, but it also obeys your commands. As you wish.

In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone. You mean it controls your actions? Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone. A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master.

I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you. Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time!

I call it luck. Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time!

Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct.

I can't get involved! I've got work to do! It's not that I like the Empire, I hate it, but there's nothing I can do about it right now. It's such a long way from here. The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.

The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers. Ye-ha! Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this? Dantooine. They're on Dantooine.
