Hi boys. I'm Tina. I need both ears to hold up my glasses. I'm gonna write the most erotic, graphic, freakiest friend fiction ever. Do you think horses get songs stuck in their heads? I didn't know our county was bi. Good for us. This is like watching two monkeys at the puberty zoo. Please don't tell Mom and Dad. I'll wave at you every day. I thought I saw a baby bump. I'm gonna write the most erotic, graphic, freakiest friend fiction ever. Just when I think I'm out, those cheeks pull me right back in. Butts. Dear Diary: Tonight I'm sneaking off to the abandoned taffy factory to look for treasure. Also, if boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses. Dad, if you believe you're beautiful, you will be. I did. Jimmy Jr. had a chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville. Toot-toot.

There's a lot of carrots in that stew. I could go to jail, or hell, or jail-hell. Is it possible to be in love with 25 people at once? How do you know a python ate it? Did it leave a note? I can't tell where your back ends and your butt begins. I'm not spooked. What's the next thing after spooked? I'm that. Ugg, my heart just pooped its pants. Jimmy Jr. had a chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville. Toot-toot. I thought I saw a baby bump. I need to find a boy with a turtle bite on his finger. Jimmy Jr. had a chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville. Toot-toot. This is where I thrash. Detention is no big deal. Don't have a crap attack. Gene, you saved us. I owe you my life.

Sausage leather belts. Now my rash smells like bacon. But it doesn't itch anymore. There is one place I like to go. The boys' locker room. You can only see up to their ankles. Dad, if you believe you're beautiful, you will be. I did. Please don't tell Mom and Dad. I want a dry erase board so I can write down all my private thoughts and then erase them immediately. Chad the Zombie touched the butt of that girl with the frosted hair from my art class. I think her name is Kristi. Detention is no big deal. Don't have a crap attack. Our toaster is also confused. It doesn't know where bagels go. This is like watching two monkeys at the puberty zoo. My crotch is itchy. Gene, you saved us. I owe you my life. If I were a hamburger you'd come and watch! I'm torn. Dad raised me, but the shark gets me.

Crap attack? Don't have one? I thought I saw a baby bump. There is one place I like to go. The boys' locker room. You can only see up to their ankles. I thought I saw a baby bump. I can't tell where your back ends and your butt begins. I didn't know our county was bi. Good for us. I want a dry erase board so I can write down all my private thoughts and then erase them immediately. Dad, you're the best pimp a girl could ever have. Dr. Yap is dreamy. When he's looking at my molars, it's like he's looking into my soul. Hi boys. I'm Tina. Dear Diary: Tonight I'm sneaking off to the abandoned taffy factory to look for treasure. Also, if boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses. YOU GORGEOUS IDIOT! This is like watching two monkeys at the puberty zoo. I'm not spooked. What's the next thing after spooked? I'm that.

Dear God, this is Tina from school. Dear God, this is Tina from school. Jimmy Jr. had a chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville. Toot-toot. She grabbed Jimmy Jr's butt and changed the world. I had no idea there was so much butt touching in baseball. C'mon Dad, just let me bite down on the bean. Gene, you saved us. I owe you my life. I'm compiling a list of people I can mate with to repopulate the Earth. Ugg, my heart just pooped its pants. I can't tell where your back ends and your butt begins. I'm just not sure if I'll be any good on the grill with one free hand. You're right. I'm a firestarter and a jinx. I'm going to destroy this whole family. I had no idea there was so much butt touching in baseball. Brr, it sure is cold in here. I wish some strong, chivalrous man would lend me his jacket, or his pants.

Everyone touched each other's butts, and it was great. Dr. Yap, once I was into you, but after seeing you torture my father, I think we should just be friends with dental benefits. I know how the shark thinks. It's confused. It doesn't know why we want to kill it. It just wants to go home. Argh!... Wait, I like the library. Ok then, see you on our date! It's an erotic friend fiction story that I just wrote. I hope you like it, because you're all in it. It's called 'Buttloose.' This is like watching two monkeys at the puberty zoo. It's an erotic friend fiction story that I just wrote. I hope you like it, because you're all in it. It's called 'Buttloose.' I'll wave at you every day. I've been using the toilet like an idiot. You're right. I'm a firestarter and a jinx. I'm going to destroy this whole family. I texted back a smiley face. She texted back some letters I don't understand. Chad the Zombie touched the butt of that girl with the frosted hair from my art class. I think her name is Kristi. I've been using the toilet like an idiot.

Our toaster is also confused. It doesn't know where bagels go. Time for the charm bomb to explode. Please don't tell Mom and Dad. Detention is no big deal. Don't have a crap attack. Gene, you saved us. I owe you my life. If you need me, I'll be down here on the floor. Dying. Just when I think I'm out, those cheeks pull me right back in. Now my rash smells like bacon. But it doesn't itch anymore. This is like watching two monkeys at the puberty zoo. Give them ridiculous French accents. Your body. Sausage leather belts. Dr. Yap is dreamy. When he's looking at my molars, it's like he's looking into my soul. I'm gonna write the most erotic, graphic, freakiest friend fiction ever.

Is it possible to be in love with 25 people at once? Crap attack? Don't have one? She grabbed Jimmy Jr's butt and changed the world. I texted back a smiley face. She texted back some letters I don't understand. He did? That's the sleaziest, sneakiest, most romantic thing anyone's ever done to me. This is like watching two monkeys at the puberty zoo. Just when I think I'm out, those cheeks pull me right back in. If you need me, I'll be down here on the floor. Dying. Sometimes with Jimmy Jr, I don't know what to say. But now I don't know what not to say and it's like okay guys, who can get to my mouth first? Everything I know to be true just went out the window. Everything I know to be true just went out the window. I texted back a smiley face. She texted back some letters I don't understand. So I think I'm being attacked by zombies and I start screaming, 'Do you wanna make out?' And I make out with it. Dr. Yap is dreamy. When he's looking at my molars, it's like he's looking into my soul.

My hearttttttttt. I'm just not sure if I'll be any good on the grill with one free hand. Now my rash smells like bacon. But it doesn't itch anymore. Dad, you're the best pimp a girl could ever have. Hey, you don't want to mess with my sister. She'll wear down your self esteem over a period of years. This is such a snore-gasm. Just when I think I'm out, those cheeks pull me right back in. Sausage leather belts. Dear God, this is Tina from school. Chad the Zombie touched the butt of that girl with the frosted hair from my art class. I think her name is Kristi. Brr, it sure is cold in here. I wish some strong, chivalrous man would lend me his jacket, or his pants. Time for the charm bomb to explode. Dear God, this is Tina from school. I could go to jail, or hell, or jail-hell.

I could go to jail, or hell, or jail-hell. Our toaster is also confused. It doesn't know where bagels go. Butts. Hey, you don't want to mess with my sister. She'll wear down your self esteem over a period of years. Crap attack? Don't have one? You won't regret it, dad. When I kiss Jimmy Jr. under the disco ball, it'll be like we're all kissing Jimmy Jr under the disco ball. The second time hurt the most. Dad, if you believe you're beautiful, you will be. I did. Hey, you don't want to mess with my sister. She'll wear down your self esteem over a period of years. I could go to jail, or hell, or jail-hell. I'm gonna write the most erotic, graphic, freakiest friend fiction ever. You won't regret it, dad. When I kiss Jimmy Jr. under the disco ball, it'll be like we're all kissing Jimmy Jr under the disco ball. Argh!... Wait, I like the library. I'm a smart, strong, sensual woman.

Now my rash smells like bacon. But it doesn't itch anymore. Now my rash smells like bacon. But it doesn't itch anymore. This is where I thrash. And I'm gonna read it to the whole school myself. Our toaster is also confused. It doesn't know where bagels go. Yeah it's an acquired taste. That I just acquired. Sausage leather belts. My boob? I'm gonna write the most erotic, graphic, freakiest friend fiction ever. The second time hurt the most. I'm torn. Dad raised me, but the shark gets me. Your ass is grass and I'm gonna mow it. This is where I thrash. Dr. Yap, once I was into you, but after seeing you torture my father, I think we should just be friends with dental benefits. 