These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its continuing mission, to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone before. We need to neutralize the homing signal. Each unit has total environmental control, gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, in a protective field. Sensors show energy readings in your area. We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil. Field strength has increased by 3,000 percent.

We're acquainted with the wormhole phenomenon, but this... Is a remarkable piece of bio-electronic engineering by which I see much of the EM spectrum ranging from heat and infrared through radio waves, et cetera, and forgive me if I've said and listened to this a thousand times. This planet's interior heat provides an abundance of geothermal energy. We need to neutralize the homing signal.

Sensors indicate no shuttle or other ships in this sector. According to coordinates, we have travelled 7,000 light years and are located near the system J-25. Tractor beam released, sir. Force field maintaining our hull integrity. Damage report? Sections 27, 28 and 29 on decks four, five and six destroyed. Without our shields, at this range it is probable a photon detonation could destroy the Enterprise.

Deflector power at maximum. Energy discharge in six seconds. Warp reactor core primary coolant failure. Fluctuate phaser resonance frequencies. Resistance is futile. Recommend we adjust shield harmonics to the upper EM band when proceeding. These appear to be some kind of power-wave-guide conduits which allow them to work collectively as they perform ship functions. Increase deflector modulation to upper frequency band.

Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit. We have begun power-supply calibration. Force fields have been established on all turbo lifts and crawlways. Computer, run a level-two diagnostic on warp-drive systems. Antimatter containment positive. Warp drive within normal parameters. I read an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod. The bomb had a molecular-decay detonator. Detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace frequencies.

Communication is not possible. The shuttle has no power. Using the gravitational pull of a star to slingshot back in time? We are going to Starbase Montgomery for Engineering consultations prompted by minor read-out anomalies. Probes have recorded unusual levels of geological activity in all five planetary systems. Assemble a team. Look at records of the Drema quadrant. Would these scans detect artificial transmissions as well as natural signals?

Unidentified vessel travelling at sub warp speed, bearing 235.7. Fluctuations in energy readings from it, Captain. All transporters off. A strange set-up, but I'd say the graviton generator is depolarized. The dark colourings of the scrapes are the leavings of natural rubber, a type of non-conductive sole used by researchers experimenting with electricity. The molecules must have been partly de-phased by the anyon beam.

Resistance is futile.

lists

Shuttlecraft Cochrane - USS Voyager Test bed for Warp 10 flight piloted by Tom Paris. Very closely resembles the later hull design for Delta Flyer. Destroyed attempting to retrieve Warp Core.

USS Yangtzee Kiang - NCC-72453 - Hijacked by Bajoran terrorist Tahna Los. Became the first DS9 runabout to be destroyed when it crashed on a moon in the Gamma Quadrant.

USS Shenandoah - NCC-73024 - Taken by Dax and Worf to rescue a Cardassian informant from the Dominion. Severely damaged by the Jem'Hadar en route to deliver diplomatic message to Grand Nagus Zek.

USS Sarajevo - NCC-38529 - Lost in the Gamma Quadrant in 2371. Later recovered and served in the Dominion War.

USS Bradbury - NX-72307 - Scheduled to transport Wesley Crusher to Starfleet Academy and undergoes warp drive performance tests.

USS Exeter - NCC-1672 - All crew lost killed by alien disease except Captain Ronald Tracey who was on the planet surface when the disease struck the crew.

USS Yamaguchi - NCC-26510 - Destroyed by the Borg at the Battle of Wolf 359.


