 I thought about you every time I jerked off, dickhead. You know why the Yankees always win, Frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. Good Morning, oh in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. I got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. I just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. Excuse me, I'd like to ASS you a few questions. Alrighty Then We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! Haaaaaaarry. It's because i'm green isn't it! He hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. Five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. Then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! Haaaaaaarry. I got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell.

It's because i'm green isn't it! He hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. Five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. Then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. Did you hear about the happy Roman? He was "glad he ate her." Good Morning, oh in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. You're talking to me all wrong... It's the wrong tone. You do it again and I'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. Hey, tell me, does your mother sew? BOOM. Get her to sew that! I don't know what you want, but I know I can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! Money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. We're going for a ride on the information super highway. You know why the Yankees always win, Frank? it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes. Your entrance was good, his was better. It's because i'm green isn't it! Hey, maybe I will give you a call sometime. Your number still 911? You're talking to me all wrong... It's the wrong tone. You do it again and I'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. Hey, tell me, does your mother sew? BOOM. Get her to sew that!

Good Morning, oh in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. Good Morning, oh in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. Did you hear about the happy Roman? He was "glad he ate her." We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! Haaaaaaarry. I thought about you every time I jerked off, dickhead. You got the wrong guy, ace! Brain freeze. He hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. Five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. Then, when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. I don't know what you want, but I know I can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! Money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. I'm neglecting my other guests. Enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. It's because i'm green isn't it! We're going for a ride on the information super highway.

This is America, babe, you gotta think big to be big. Excuse me, I'd like to ASS you a few questions. I just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. You're talking to me all wrong... It's the wrong tone. You do it again and I'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. Hey, tell me, does your mother sew? BOOM. Get her to sew that! This is America, babe, you gotta think big to be big. Here she comes to wreck the day. Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. The second mouse, wouldn't quit. He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. Gentlemen, as of this moment, I am that second mouse. Here she comes to wreck the day. Brain freeze. Hey, maybe I will give you a call sometime. Your number still 911? Kinda hot in these rhinos. Brain freeze.

You're talking to me all wrong... It's the wrong tone. You do it again and I'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. Hey, tell me, does your mother sew? BOOM. Get her to sew that! What do you want me to say, that I'm sorry? That I apologize? Well, people in Hell want ice water, pal. Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. The second mouse, wouldn't quit. He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. Gentlemen, as of this moment, I am that second mouse. Alrighty Then Your entrance was good, his was better. I got a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell. Selina! Selina Kyle, you're fired! And Bruce Wayne, why are you dressed up like Batman? Excuse me, I'd like to ASS you a few questions. Your entrance was good, his was better. Selina! Selina Kyle, you're fired! And Bruce Wayne, why are you dressed up like Batman? Kinda hot in these rhinos. What do you want me to say, that I'm sorry? That I apologize? Well, people in Hell want ice water, pal.

I don't know what you want, but I know I can get it for you, with a minimum of fuss! Money, jewels, a *very* big ball of string. Look ma i'm road kill Alrighty Then This is America, babe, you gotta think big to be big. Your entrance was good, his was better. Kinda hot in these rhinos. Did you hear about the happy Roman? He was "glad he ate her." Look at that, it's exactly three seconds before I honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. We're going for a ride on the information super highway. You got the wrong guy, ace! Hey, maybe I will give you a call sometime. Your number still 911? I just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter.

Look at that, it's exactly three seconds before I honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. The second mouse, wouldn't quit. He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. Gentlemen, as of this moment, I am that second mouse. We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! Haaaaaaarry. Did you hear about the happy Roman? He was "glad he ate her." Look ma i'm road kill Selina! Selina Kyle, you're fired! And Bruce Wayne, why are you dressed up like Batman? You got the wrong guy, ace! I'm neglecting my other guests. Enjoy yourself, you'll find the young ladies stimulating company. Hey, maybe I will give you a call sometime. Your number still 911? I thought about you every time I jerked off, dickhead. Selina! Selina Kyle, you're fired! And Bruce Wayne, why are you dressed up like Batman? Brain freeze. 